hi this is so hinky from Mahalo games
and this is an educational video on how
to lay the smack down in Smackdown vs.
raw 2011 for more videos in this series
visit Mahalo calm / SBR 2011 WT and if
you have any requests send them to
request at Mahalo com
don't forget to rate subscribe and
comment on this video
I am
Hollywood California weighing 220
treatments
Oh
go check
from Journal Ontario Canada
Christian
that's nice to see Christian back on
Smackdown
I'm sure who jazz things up around here
think I take you you're one of his piece
watch Christian
Smackdown fans are getting a taste of
what Christian can do Kristen got a
taste of what Ziegler can do at Royal
Rumble when Dolph interfered at
Kristen's back Ziggler into the headlock
counter Christians saved by speed and
experience that was a heavy shot
man that was a vicious elbow drop and
that one rocked it and that punch lands
hard and that one hurt his hand oh and
there's an overhand right what a punch
Oh a serious knockout blow oh the punch
connects oh mama
oh it this one spilling out of the ring
and again Christian going to the top
rope Ziggler is presently getting the
short end of the stick will Christian
carry his reign of dominance summer to
Smackdown I don't like this and his
opponent but like it even less
and again Christian going to the top
rope
-
and he was just sick oh I'm reading into
those steel steps
Christian let me to flip the switch
Christian through the swing
and again Christian going to the top
rope
this one could end in a count-out
oh my there's the submission hold he's
in the driver's seat now
Dolph Ziggler seems to have a vendetta
against Christian already and he's
definitely given captain charisma a run
for his money he escapes the hole the
midsection seems to be the focal point
of this attack oh look at this
and again Christian going to the top
rope it just bounced there
oh what a smack ow
what a slap across the face and again
the opponent sent flying oh my what an
incredible impact from that crossbody
couple bad did you hear that
oh that did it hey oh what a shot
and that's a stiff kick in charisma
bubble and again Christian going to the
top rope stunning crossbody
Christian wants to flip the switch again
switch this could do it 1 2 2 3 and
Christian wins it
Christian comes up with a big win in
aspect out they view a victory over the
Intercontinental Champion is sure to
turn some heads it may have been a
non-title match but it's definitely a
sign that Christian stock is higher than
ever
speaking of high stock coming up later
tonight we have World Heavyweight
Champion edge taking on Big Show
you